I bow to all the seekers of truth
When we say we are seeking, we must know that
we are a special category of people.
People were seeking before also.
They were seeking power, money, possessions,
affluence, every sort of thing.
Still they are not satisfied - those who have
got it.
And so those who are seeking the truth are
the highest, highest of all in the evolution.
They are the ones who are going to jump into
that higher state which is called as self-realization.
If you are not seeking, then nobody can force
seeking on you.
It cannot be done.
Even by force, if you take somebody to the
beautiful lake of nectar of God's love and
even if you force the person to drink it,
it is you who has to enjoy it and unless and
until you have the seeking, you will not have
the sensitivity to enjoy that nectar.
And truth is what it is.
We cannot change it, we cannot organize it,
we cannot transform it.
It is, it has been, it will be.
And what is the truth?
The truth is that God loves us, that His divine
power of love is all-pervading, is everywhere,
that this power is acting all the time - it
is a living power of a living God - and that
this power does all the things that we call
as living work of God.
A flower is transformed into a fruit by this
power.
This body we get out of that power.
From amoeba to this stage we have come out
of that power.
The whole world is created out of that power.
In everything that power resides and works
out, sorts out, co-ordinates things for us.
Above all, it is the love of God.
It's the compassion of God.
We human beings have not got the comprehension
of His love; we try to see Him through our
own angles, through our short sight, through
our blinkers that we have got.
He is the ocean, ocean of love.
All the oceans put together cannot be compared
with that ocean of love, that ocean of forgiveness,
an ocean of complete well-being for us.
Only thing, we have to jump into it.
We have to enter into His kingdom.
That is what one has to do.
When it is accomplished, then you are just
there.
You are looked after.
That is the domain of God I am talking about
and there, when you enter in, as a by-product,
all kinds of well-being are blessed upon you,
just they are bestowed upon you.
You just get them automatically.
But this happening also is not our doing.
This also is the doing of God.
He has arranged us in this way that you can
see in the chart - this is the life tree - or
you (can) say the tree of life as described.
And this is the one that is within us already
placed.
All these centers, which are subtle centers,
are expressed outside as gross centers.
When this residual force of Kundalini, which
people must have explained to you, from that
sacred bone or sacrum rises and pierces through
all these centers, it enlightens all of them
one by one.
By that enlightenment only, you get your physical
well-being, your mental well-being, your emotional
well-being and ultimately, your spiritual
well being.
That means you become the spirit.
Once you become that absolute, the absolute,
then all relativity drops off.
We actually live in a relative world which
is false, which is not true.
This power has its own telecommunication.
It's so tremendous that it is unbelievable
that such a power exists around us and we
are not aware of it.
We are not aware of many things.
We are not aware that this Mother Earth is
moving with such a tremendous speed.
We are standing on top of that; nothing happens
to you.
We are not aware of the gravity.
We are not aware of many things because God
is so kind, so gentle and so thoughtful that
He wants us to live happily as human beings.
So He doesn't want us to hear some things
which are not good for us, for our ears, so
He makes the frequency of these things so
sharp that we can't hear with these ears.
Some of them, He makes them so low that you
can't hear.
Only what you can hear and enjoy He makes
you hear.
But we in our freedom have done a lot of wrong
to ourselves, to each other, to our society,
to the whole world.
Once we realize, this freedom is nothing but
is our ego, our ego, which has created this
problem for all other people.
Then we have also another thing where we get
conditioned, which creates the superego.
Now in our activity, which is the right side
sympathetic nervous system, we accumulate
this horrible thing called ego, because when
we act, we think we are doing it, we are in-charge.
We are not.
He is in charge.
We are really doing nothing.
What are we doing?
Like the people ask me, "Mother how can you
cure everything so easily?"
It's simple.
How do you make a flower into a fruit?
To us, we take it for granted.
We are not bothered to find out, but can you
do it?
It's so difficult.
Can you do it?
We can't.
But if it is God's power, it can do it.
So if you also have the God's power flowing
in you, which will happen to you as soon as
you get your realization, you can do it; anybody
can do it.
It's very simple.
Like any instrument, when it is put to the
mains, it starts acting and then we can see
that it is an instrument.
Otherwise it looks like some funny stuff here.
It has to be put to the mains.
The instrument is ready, but within us these
two things, called the ego and superego as
a result of our activity and as a result of
our conditioning, are accumulated in our brain.
These two are to be sucked in.
That's very important because when they grow,
these two elements - or two, we can, say balloon-like
structures - they make a very strong gap filled
with calcium and you become an egg.
Another becomes an egg.
Third person becomes an egg.
You develop your I-ness - I am this, I am
that.
All kinds of misidentifications start coming
on us.
When this is to be sucked, what should we
do?
That's the question.
What are we to do?
To raise the Kundalini.
As I said, it is a living process and you
cannot do any living work - so just can't
do it.
It is as simple as that.
You yourself can't do it.
But somebody who is enlightened, who is the
light, can enlighten another light, because
that light is ready, just ready, but you need
an enlightened light to enlighten that light.
Once that light is enlightened, that light
can enlighten another light.
But the problem is when the light which is
enlightened tries to say that "You are to
be enlightened," immediately you hit that
person.
You don't like it because ego is there, which
is ignorance.
That's how people like Christ were crucified.
What wrong did He do to people except that,
see, He said, "I am the light?"
It's true.
He was the light.
No doubt that He was the son of God.
It's true, He was the son of God which you
can prove - on vibrations.
By this Sahaja Yoga, you can prove it what
He was.
He was that, but that time people killed Him.
Why?
Only because He said, "I am the light," and
that you were to be enlightened by Him.
You allowed him to live only for four years,
and when He was killed, when He was crucified,
you took advantage out of that and made all
kinds of artificial things out of it.
He could not explain many things which He
talked.
He could not say anything.
On the cross He said, "It has been accomplished."
What has been accomplished?
Nobody thinks about it - what has been accomplished.
So we have to take reference from other people,
those who have been deeper than us, who have
gone into it, who have found out certain things
about Christ.
And they say that Christ accomplished the
greatest thing, the greatest feat, because
He was nothing but Omkara.
He was nothing but the vibrations.
That's why He had no body and only He could
accomplish it.
And what did He do?
Is to accomplish Himself on this cross where
we have this ego and superego.
Of course they say that He said he died for
our sins.
How did He die for our sins?
We say that He died for our sins.
We accept it, yes, because Churches are telling,
people are telling, Bible is telling.
But how?
He suffered for us.
Then why are we suffering?
But when He said, "You are to be born again,"
we don't pay any attention to that.
For that you have found out an escape.
You take your child to the church and they
put some water artificially and you accept,
"All right, we are born again."
I met people who are certified born again.
They quarrel with me and fought with me for
nothing at all.
I said, "How are you born again?
If you are born again, that means an egg becomes
a bird.
Have you become something different?
Is there any transformation in you?
How do you believe?
Why are you so self-opinionated?
If you are born again, what happens to you?
What happens to you?
What is born again in you?"
Born again is nothing but the Kundalini awakening,
which rises on top of your head and here is
the seat of your Spirit.
Of course, it resides in your heart, but the
seat of the Spirit is here, and once it touches
that seat, immediately you start feeling that
subtle thing which is all-pervading within
you.
For the first time you feel this cool breeze
of the Holy Ghost.
Holy Ghost is nothing but the power of God,
the power of His love, which is called as
Adi Shakti in Sanskrit language.
We don't have to accept anything else from
outside, any dictionary we don't have to accept
to give answers to things, to mysteries that
we have been suffering all these days.
Once this cross, which is between the ego
and superego is enlightened, Christ is awakened
there.
He sucks in both these things, your karmas,
your actions and your conditionings, your
sins.
It is sucked in.
There is no more for you to suffer.
Why do you want to suffer?
Some people have started another theory that
we must suffer if we have to go to Christ.
Why?
Did He not suffer for you sufficiently?
Did He not do that?
He has done it, then why suffer?
Be joyous that He established himself there
at that point.
In the Hindu scriptures, He is called as Maha
Vishnu.
But if I tell this to them that this was Christ,
they won't believe Me.
If I tell this to Christians, they won't believe
Me.
They don't want to believe it because for
them Christ is their contract.
They have a contract with Christ, as if they
are the contractors of Christ.
Nobody dare say anything about Christ.
It's only they who are the Christians, and
they who are the Hindus, they who are the
Sikhs, they who are the Muslims and they don't
know anything about reality.
Just fighting morning till evening in the
name of God, the One who is the ocean of love,
compassion and bliss.
They are so disturbed, so upset, so violent
that one can easily see there is nowhere the
blessings of God.
There is no blissful state.
There is no peace in them.
Because there is no peace within, how can
you have the peace without?
And this is what it is that one should understand
- that in the name of God, many things have
been done which are absolutely against it.
They are anti-God activities because if you
become a fanatic, you are anti-God, absolutely
anti-God.
You have to see that God exists for the whole
universe.
Nobody can take His contract and can organize
it.
When I say this, of course there will be people
who are interested in things with which they
are identified.
They want to carry on with that kind of identification;
maybe they get some money out of it, maybe
some sort of a name or something free.
But what is most important is your Spirit.
Why identify with anything else but your own
spirit?
You cannot get money out of it.
No.
The joy of Spirit is the reward of Spirit.
Why do you want money?
Why do you want fame for it?
Why do you want anything of these worldly
things that are so transitory, temporary,
will finish off?
Why not ask for something that is eternal?
Why not ask for the eternal life of Spirit?
And that if you ask, it is at your door steps,
you can get it.
It's very simple and easy.
When you say it is simple, people can't understand.
They think, "How can it be?
You have to stand on your head for one life
then you have to stand on one leg for one
life."
That's the idea they have got about Christ.
There is no need to do that - Christ has done
it for you.
Believe me, He has done it.
So now, how to understand it is simple?
In this room, say, there are so many lights
and we all can see each other.
The room is enlightened.
But what did you do?
You just switched on one switch, very simple.
If you ask anybody, "How do I put the light
on?"
I just put.
There is a light there.
Just switch on.
That's how you get the light.
But for a person who has never seen electricity,
it must be a wonder.
How just switching on light, so simple.
It is not in a way.
It is made simple for you, but there is a
big organization behind it.
There is a big history behind it and there
are so many people who are working it out.
There is a big machinery.
In the same way, whatever looks so simple
to us is tremendous, is great.
But God Almighty with His care and tenderness
doesn't want you to know anything about it.
Forget it.
You just jump into it.
You just enter into the kingdom of God and
enjoy the bliss, that's all.
Why do you want to bother about these things?
Of course, as we are very thought-oriented,
people want to know about it.
That's why one has to talk about these things.
But best is to get your enlightenment first
and then talk of it.
It's a headache to talk about the electricity
and about its history, where it enters and
the problems they have had and then after
all these when you have tumbled down, fallen
down, everybody hit each other, kicked each
other, then say, "All right, now it's very
simple.
Just put on the light."
It's better to be other way round, that I
say, "All right, put on the light, and then
we'll talk about it."
I am so happy to see so many people in Cambridge
today, really very happy because I have been
here before also.
But we had no response.
I was surprised.
Here where there are many false gurus are
working out their tricks.
People have collected thousands of pounds
from this place, Cambridge, which is the seat
of learning.
Here so many educated people live, intelligent
people live - have been befooled completely
and have been pampered.
Their ego has been pampered.
They have gone into such trips which are very
dangerous.
We had somebody from Cambridge in Sahaja Yoga,
very well educated person, got into epilepsy,
going to such a horrible fellow.
Lost all his money, everything, bankrupt and
also epileptic.
Educated, very well educated, first class
boy, ruined for his life.
But why it happens to us, we must think.
Why we are enamored by such people?
Because we believe in the superficial thing;
because it is being advertised in such a way.
These people come with a circus because they
have to attract you.
They have to attract you for their purses.
They have to attract you for their own powers
because they want that people should be dominated
by them because they can extract money.
Their interests are very low, base and we
don't see it.
We don't understand it.
They pamper our ego.
They talk of big things, "We are going to
make you a minister.
We are going to do this."
We say, "All right."
We follow all this nonsense.
Imagine.
This ego is such a tricky thing.
It plays tricks not only with others but plays
with yourself also.
It cheats you.
The so-called intelligence of the ego can
cheat you and that's how many people are lost.
Those who are seekers of ages are lost because
these horrible satanic forces know how to
play the trick, how to play the trick with
you and how to take you to their own domain
of satanic forces by which they could extract
all your blood.
I am so sorry when I hear that these things
have been happening all over.
But in the places where there has been the
seat of love, the Goddess Saraswati reigns,
where people educate themselves, all these
thing have come slowly and settled down.
There are other things also which are very
dangerous.
Like people who are, call themselves, psychologists.
They can be very dangerous people.
They are unauthorized.
They have no idea about the psyche.
They don't know that psyche also has another
side, which is the right side, which is the
ego.
They can be very dangerously placed - person
like Freud.
I don't know how people believe in him.
In England, there are so many Freudians.
I am surprised because I used to think that
at least English are the wisest among all
the Europeans.
But more than the place where he was born
and worked out in Vienna, there are more in
England.
It is most surprising, what has happened to
our wisdom.
Even logically we can see that he was a hopeless
case.
First of all, he had bad relations with his
mother.
Can you imagine?
He had no sublimity of any kind.
He was worse than an animal.
And secondly that he died of cancer in such
a miserable condition.
And he was nothing but a miserable personality.
How can you follow a man like that blindfolded
because he suggested that you are a sex point.
All your relations are based on sex.
There is nothing sublime.
Now see where is the sex point.
It is the last - here there is the red - and
here resides the innocence.
This first center, which is the innocence
within us, is the child within us, is looking
after the Mother Kundalini that you have.
She is your Mother.
Everybody has their own Mother settled down
in their sacrum bone, so sweetly, waiting
for an opportunity to get this realization.
She is going to give you your second birth
and she is going to work it out and this innocence
of yours which you may kill any amount, it's
still there and they attack that innocence.
Today I find in all the western countries
there is a big attack coming on their innocence,
on the children.
They do not understand that there is - sex
has nothing to do with your evolution.
It is not important for your evolution.
Of course a married sex which is a sensible
sex, which has a sanction with the collective,
is very important, no doubt, for the society
and everything.
But here if you play about with your sex,
it's a dangerous game.
It gives you all kinds of diseases; it gives
you impotency, all sorts of other problems
and worst of all, insecurity in the whole
atmosphere especially for the children.
This is what it is.
We have not been able to use our brains.
Use your brains.
God has given you brains, come to logical
conclusion.
Like the Mayor yesterday asked me, "What do
you do with them?"
I said, "First I will bring them to logical
conclusion."
See what should we expect.
We have known that Christ has said that, it
is written, "Thou shall not commit adultery."
I say, "Thou shall not have adulterous eyes."
Are we Christians aware of these warnings?
Not to have adulterous eyes, just the opposite
we have.
So that the eyes should be clean.
There should be no lust in our eyes.
It is to be at that point, not at the eye
level, not at the brain level.
It is at that point and it should reside there.
There is placed your innocence, because innocence
guards you against all wrong doings, all wrong
things that you do with your sex, and that's
how you get into troubles and you have problems.
Yesterday we had people there, many people
came and as the radio fellow has told me that
you better talk about how you cure people.
They will be very much interested.
I told them all how it happens and we did
cure so many people there, of many problems
and so many things can be cured and if you
want , you can get My tape to know about them,
how it happens and what chakras give you this.
But in short I'll tell you how we develop
problems within ourselves.
Now one thing I would say, that when I am
discussing this, human mind is so funny that
immediately they start reflecting upon themselves.
Firstly they will feel guilty.
"Oh, I have done this".
Immediately they will start thinking that,
"I have got cancer," or, "I have got leukemia,"
or "I have got that."
So if I tell you about the symptoms, it can
be very critical.
There is a very interesting book I read long
time back when I was a child, "Three Men in
a Boat."
I am sure all of you must have read it.
It's a very interesting one.
In that a character of one gentleman who said
that never read Materia Medica, the book about
medicine.
Once he read it and he thought he had every
disease, every disease except for housewife's
knee and the doctor was amazed when he told
he has this disease, he has that disease.
He said, "Why not a housewife's knee?"
He said, "Because I am not a housewife."
Otherwise he had practically every disease
and he wanted a medicine for that.
doctor was - that time doctors were wiser
I think, he didn't want to take money out
of him - so he said, "All right, I have given
you the medicine but you have to take it when
you go away from here.
Go to your bedroom and then you can take this
medicine."
He went home and opened that and there was
nothing but a paper, and on the paper it was
written, "You are the greatest fool I have
ever come across.
Never read Materia Medica again and you are
absolutely healthy."
So when you start telling them how the diseases
are caused, also people can start thinking,
"Oh, I must be having this trouble and that
trouble."
Nothing of the kind.
Please don't think like that.
I am just telling you because you should not
go into it again and it should not happen
to you in future, not in the past.
And those who have had problems also can be
cured.
It's not difficult.
It can be cured.
When you get your enlightenment, you can cure
people.
You can also cure.
It's not difficult.
So, now we start from the imbalances that
we have.
For example, a human being has another funny
habit - is to go to extremes.
If you tell him, now in the Newspapers or,
say, in the TV it appears that your legs should
be like this, the measurement of the legs
appear, or the measurement of the body appears,
all the ladies will try to be that, to become
like the form that is given.
But why?
It is, it might be some sort of an enterprise
that people are trying to sell something just
to make you thin or fat or whatever it is
and that's why they are publishing these things.
Why just you go into it headlong?
May not be required at all for you.
Now when they do it, they do it so much, so
much overdo it that they develop really the
problems which never existed in them .They
were normal people and suddenly they become
sick people.
So in this way, we have so many extremes we
go to.
For example, we are people who are right-sided
and left-sided as you can see here, the people
who are emotionally very rich and who go to
the emotional extremes and the people who
are more mentally rich and who go to the mental
side more.
Those who have any desire and just work with
their desires and weep for it and they are
the most unhappy and the most miserable people
- I couldn't get this and I couldn't get that
- they are the left-sided people.
The right-sided people are that "Why did he
get that?"
"I must also get it."
Such aggressive people are right-sided.
Now the people who are on the left hand side
think of their past, "I was so very happy.
Now I have married this wretched man and I
am very weak."
The man will say, "I have married this wretched
woman," or some sort of a thing.
They go on worrying about themselves for nothing
at all and making themselves miserable.
So, we have two types of people.
The another, one extreme case we can say,
is Hitler.
Hitler was the one who was so aggressive.
He used his aggressive policies.
He got people who were dead who were aggressive
and used them to entice, to become aggressive.
They could not see through.
They could not understand that they are not
a special race and they became such racists
which one can't understand with Human understanding
that how can there be a race superiority when
God has created all of us.
It's nonsense.
It's absolute nonsense.
It has no meaning, no basis.
It's not natural.
God has created everybody separately in a
different way but this kind of a thing comes
into the mind.
Then you are identified with certain ideas
on the right hand side that you are an aggressive
person.
On the left hand side, as I told you, a person
makes himself miserable because he thinks
of the past, but on the right hand side, the
people make others miserable and aggressive
sort of.
Both sides are wrong.
You have to be in the center, neither in the
future, nor in the past.
So how to be in the center is the problem.
By saying it or by brain-washing it, it cannot
happen.
For that the Kundalini has to rise but you
have to keep the balance.
You shouldn't go to the extreme of anything.
You should not become identified or clubbed
with something which is not normal.
We should treat it with normalcy about it.
Like if you ask a person now, "You have to
do Hatha Yoga" There is a new system that
has started, Hatha Yoga, without knowing what
this Hatha Yoga is.
What was the basis of Hatha Yoga?
There are Ashtangas and all these things have
to be done.
I have seen people doing only that little
part of it, the Vayayama, which is so indiscriminate,
which has no sense as to what chakras are
catching, where is the Kundalini, what is
the problem.
Such people can develop heart problems, tremendous
heart problems they can develop, and they
can be extremely negative people because though
they appear to be very positive, they can
be very, very dry.
They can develop divorces.
They can be very aggressive.
A time will come when they will have no emotions.
Even when their own child dies, they will
not feel it.
They can be very, very dry.
Now we don't see that dryness in the back.
We do not see that that we are not feeling
the emotions of another person.
We do not think that that is important.
Left-sided people are the other way round,
as I told you.
But when they go to the extreme, first they
go into their subconscious.
In this they see what had happened and they
think of their previous lives and all that
and then they can go into the collective sub-conscious
if they go on pressing it too much.
Or some of the people who are interested in
their purse, all such base things, can entice
them, can hypnotize them, completely hypnotize
them and push them on to the left side.
Now cancer develops on the left side.
Leukemia develops from the left side.
Multiple sclerosis develops from the left
side.
I haven't seen one patient who has come to
me, who is having cancer, having leukemia
or multiple sclerosis who is a right-sided
person.
And ultimately they can be epileptic, or they
can become lunatic or schizophrenic.
All those things can happen to them.
The right-sided person, on the contrary, will
get a heart attack.
He'll get a heart attack.
Definitely he'll get a heart attack, if he
goes too much with it.
But first of all he might develop a liver,
very bad liver, hot temper with it.
He may develop a pancreas trouble that could
be the diabetes.
He could develop the spleen trouble which
could be a kind of a leukemia which comes
out of speediness but it has to triggered
by the left side so it is between the - first
the anemia and all that will happen and ultimately
he can get leukemia after that.
And many children also become patients of
leukemia because their parents are speedy.
Extremely speedy people get leukemia because
they are all the time acting on emergency.
Simultaneously, they are working on various
things like, you are driving, you are eating,
you are listening to the radio - horrid news.
Early in the morning you see in the newspaper,
all horrid thing are there.
They will never give a good news.
You'll be amazed.
We have been trying to tell people that we
have found out solutions to many things - please
publish at least one line, half a line - but
they would not.
But if there is a calamity somewhere, a horrible
thing happened, early in the morning, you
open the newspaper, it's the only thing that
is talked of.
You become so much upset that emergencies
that...
Then you have your breakfast, you have to
catch the train, you have to rush up, you
rush up, then you find that your train is
delayed, you start shouting.
Specially you all get worked up.
Ultimately what happens is that your spleen
goes out of gear.
It becomes crazy.
When it becomes crazy - it's a speedometer
- it controls our speed and you become so
speedy that nothing can fit into you and the
speed of the production of red blood corpuscles
is so much increased that they become malignant.
But of course the triggering, as I said, comes
from the left side.
So sometimes the right side can create a condition
for the left side to act - can also be just
the left side can work out.
If a person is affected, say, by a position,
if he lives near a funeral place or some place
where there is a cemetery or in the churches
also you have all the dead bodies there - I
mean it's something I can't understand.
People don't know about that.
Why to put in the churches, the dead bodies?
I mean, normally, anybody who dies must be
cremated except for the realized souls.
Realized souls are to be buried.
It's a simple thing, because they give fragrance
to the Mother Earth, they give fragrance to
everyone.
But if you bury a person who is not a realized
soul - supposing he is an evil genius - you
know about this that the souls wander about.
And I have lived, since I have come to London,
always near a church.
I have found all these souls coming up in
the night and they are horrible things and
we walk over them.
They are sleeping there and we trod on them.
It's a wrong thing.
People have no idea as to how to deal with
the dead and that's how people have also created
a double problem.
The cemetery is in the city.
The center of the city, there will be a cemetery.
All children are going there.
Everybody is going there.
Pregnant women are going there and these busy
bodies can attack you.
It's a fact.
They exist.
There is no doubt about it.
Even the doctors say that there are proteins
which they call as Protein 52 and Protein
58, like that, and these are the proteins
which invade us, our being by which cancer
is triggered.
And what they say that this comes to us from
an area which is built within us since our
creation, means from collective sub-conscious.
But, I mean, they cannot put it together as
I am putting it because they see things from
outside (and) I see things from inside.
Now when I tell about this, people don't like
it but it's a fact.
You should not play about with spirits.
These spiritualists, these charismatics and
this sect and that sect..., Penticostals are
nothing but possessions and these possessions
can be horrible and most of the lunatics and
all these people are with possessions.
You must have seen a woman walking.
Suddenly she becomes blank.
Her eyes are open, nothing wrong with her.
Doctors can't cure.
She can be easily cured if you can remove
the possession from her.
These are all horrible things, which can ruin
your life and you do not understand why doctors
cannot understand because they don't understand
that there can be spirits.
They don't want to accept it.
You can't see the spirit until and unless
you become a Spirit.
That is the problem, is that in English language
there are three meanings of the word spirit.
One is the Spirit that is Atma.
Another is the spirit which is dead and the
one that you drink is also spirit.
So you can understand how can you have three
words, which are just opposite each other
meaning the same?
Now I am praying (to) the Spirit which is
in the heart, which is the reflection of God
almighty.
But this Spirit, unless and until it is awakened,
no use talking about it.
Better have it done so that you know how beautiful
you are, how God has created you with such
beauty, care, and you are all there intact.
Nothing is missing.
You don't have to worry about it.
You just don't have to think about it.
"Oh, Mother, how can I be?
I have done this.
I have done that."
Please don't think.
First thing that I always say before starting
the program, before the demonstration of it
or before the manifestation of it, that first
of all say in your heart of hearts, "Mother,
I am not guilty."
That's one thing, this idea that you are guilty,
is absurd.
It has no meaning at all.
It is not even a speck in that Ocean which
cleanses you.
So you don't have to say that - that, "I am
guilty."
Please, for heaven's sake, all of you have
to say that in your hearts before we start
any program further.
Because how can you be guilty?
As He is the compassion - you can't imagine
what compassion He has.
He is forgiving.
He is complete forgiveness.
At that time if you have to feel guilty, you
really insult His power of forgiveness.
So we should not feel guilty about anything.
Whatever has happened has happened.
Forget the past, doesn't matter.
It is a very important time, important moment
you have arrived.
The time of resurrection has come.
The time of blossom has come.
You have to become the truth.
It has to work out and it will work out.
May God bless you all.
I would request you, if you have any questions,
you can ask me questions.
But don't ask irrelevant questions and, you
see, offensive questions.
That's very wrong because, you see, I have
nothing to get out of you - nothing I tell
you - except that little politics about it
that I am a Capitalist in the sense that I
have all the powers within myself and I am
a Communist because I can't live without sharing
it.
That's the problem and that's why I am here
and so people should not ask questions which
are offensive for nothing at all.
If you want to get it, you can get it.
I cannot force you as I have told you in the
very beginning.
It cannot be forced.
I cannot promise you.
I am sure it will work out, if you little
bit co-operate with me.
So be kind to yourself and be open.
You need not have blind faith about me, not
at all, not at all, but you should be open
to receive.
If it works, well and good.
If it doesn't work we'll see it the next time,
doesn't matter.
I am going to be in London at least for three
years more.
I hope so.
May God bless you all.
Now please ask me some questions.
Q. When you say that spiritualists ....spirits
are wrong..is it wrong for someone who knows
the secret to try and do something about it
....what is so wrong with it?
Shri Mataji: You see the spirits are the dead
spirits, are the people who belong to another
country.
They belong to another state.
All right?
They are in the subconscious area.
If you start allowing them to walk into our
lives, there will be many who will come around
as immigrants, you see.
And you don't know what they are up to and
they will attack you.
Moreover, those people who are realized souls
or of higher nature never stay back.
They know that this is over and we should
go back.
Moreover, it is our responsibility also to
see that we do not trouble them.
I mean, we have used them; they have lived
with us.
Now we should give them their freedom.
By keeping them around, we torture them.
We trouble them.
And sometimes they can be very, very troubled.
Even if they are good people, we really trouble
them.
Let them go.
That's not the time that they should be here
and they will be back again.
Why trouble them?
It is because you are identified with them.
Now about sickness, people say that for sickness,
I have known people who are spiritualists,
who try to cure.
But what they do is to remove one spirit and
put another one into it.
If a person, say, he is a person who is wasting
money, say in horse riding, so if you remove
him from there, he'll become an alcoholic.
If not, he'll start beating his wife.
Because there is no transformation, you see.
There is a gap always if you ....so it is
better not to have some sort of a screw there
which is always to be replaced by something
else.
So these spiritualists, also those who try
to heal, are just giving you relief in the
physical being.
Physical being is not so important.
It is part of it but we are not only physical
beings.
We are also mental beings and emotional beings.
If you try to be only physical being, do everything
only for the physical side, then you forget
the spirit.
And the spirits get angry with you.
So you are three of these things which are
to be integrated through your spiritual ascent.
All right?
So that's why in any case that kind of a work
is of no help in any way to ask because ultimately
we have to see to the general good of everyone
.
I have seen spiritualists who have been acting
as spiritualist end up their lives very miserably,
most of them.
Not only that but whenever they are in a program
you get tremendous heat from them.
All those people who have tried such tricks...
I'll give you a very good example of Doctor
[unclear: Lang or Land Side B 11:35], who
was, who died - late Doctor [Unclear: Land
or Lang] International Curative Centre was
in London, I don't know if it is still existing
or not.
I came to know about it because so many people
in India suffered from that curative center.
And they came to me.
I had no idea.
Now this gentleman died long time back and
his spirit entered into a soldier, not into
his son, but to a soldier in Vietnam or something.
And this soldier, now they write all this
story, I mean they are very frank and honest
- I must say they are not hiding anything.
So this gentleman came to England and told
the son that I am the father and he told him
secrets where things are and all that and
he convinced him that he was the father.
He said that you open a clinic with this name
- Late Doctor [Unclear: Land or Lang] International
Curative Centre.
Now what they used to do, you see, he got
hold of many doctors who were sort of unhappy
or some sort of thing or those who were lingering
behind.
So, he used those spirits and what he did
by using those spirits, he used to write a
letter, which I have seen myself, in many
cases, that at this time, at this hour, we
will enter into your body.
I mean, they frankly told.
They didn't say that "We are going to do anything
divine, and we'll enter into your body and
when we enter into your body, then what will
happen, that you'll start shaking.
Don't be worried.
It is we who are in you, and once it happens,"
- it would happen after three months or four
months but they would give exact timing - "and
then you'll feel better."
Now these people who came to me suffered from
tremendous nervous trouble.
And out of all these who came, even one percent
I could not cure - one percent.
They were such gone cases.
They had a miserable old age and I still know
of a lady; she just lays down in her bed and
goes into tremors and things and nobody can
help her.
I haven't got time to pay so much attention
to one individual only.
So it's a miserable case.
Every time I go there, she meets me.
I put her right.
Again she goes back to her bed (and) again
she gets ill.
It's a very long process.
I am not here to cure you, I must tell you
very frankly, but to give you realization.
But as a by-product of that, you all get cured.
That's it.
Just as a by- product of that, you get cured.
Moreover, you must understand that God is
the source of all common sense.
He will only cure such lamps which will be
His lights later on because we don't look
after lamps which are gone cases.
So they can be born again.
But God looks after those people who can give
His light to all.
Of course, many people get cured.
I have seen in London, the first wave of Sahaja
Yoga started - we have thousands of them they
got cured.
But out of them very few really took up Sahaja
Yoga and helped others.
They just forgot.
Of course, they have tremendous respect for
Me.
When I go to India; they all fill the hall
and all that is there.
But they are doing nothing for Sahaja Yoga.
They are not doing anything curing for others.
They are not raising their Kundalini.
They are not giving realization.
It's really... sometimes I feel that so many
people have been cured, so much God has done
for them, but they don't understand why God
has done it for them . It is to give it to
others.
You don't have to do so much for Sahaja Yoga.
You don't have to pay a single pi [short form
of Paise].
Nothing is needed.
Only thing is, God has given you this power.
All right, just give it to others.
That's all.
It's very simple.
And you feel so happy.
You are so employed by God that you do not
feel bored at all.
It's such a wonderful thing.
But one must accept that if He has been kind
to us we have to be kind to others.
It will just automatically work, no doubt.
It works.
I know people get cured, no doubt about it.
Any other question please?
Yes, please - little loudly....can you say
loudly, please?
Q. Why is the picture sitting on the table
lying next to you?
Shri Mataji: Why?
You don't like it?
It's a question really something I can't understand.
You see, if I am something, if this picture
is My true picture, then why not have it?
All the pictures you have of Christ are not
His own.
Very few people have seen Him and also there
is no one who has taken His picture.
Actually, when I see the pictures of Christ
I get a shock.
I said, "How can this be Christ?"
I mean, this miserable creature cannot be
Christ at all, but you don't mind having all
these things around.
Even the cross that you have can be horrible,
made of plastic, made of this, made of that.
That gives horrible vibrations to you.
You don't know anything about it.
With this picture, you'll be surprised, the
person who first got realization got through
this picture.
In this picture there are vibrations.
When you will get realized, you will know
that only this picture has that vibration
because the real thing it is - thank God that
science has given us the real thing.
If there were cameras before, we would have
had pictures of all those great people.
Because there were no photographs they said,
"Better not have any pictures."
Because all the pictures were imaginary, done
by people who wanted to have some money.
With this picture, many people have been cured.
All right?
Especially in Australia, a miracle happened.
That's how media took me over.
There was a lady, a friend of a very big journalist
and a businessman there who was in coma and
doctors said she has got a brain trouble and
she cannot come back to her normal condition.
There is a damage in her brain and she is
dying.
Then everybody had given up hopes and there
was one Sahaja Yogini and she said, "All right,
you just allow me to put this photograph under
her pillow."
And you'll be surprised: she came to consciousness
next day.
By the time I reached there, she was very
conscious.
So all the media was there to receive me in
Australia.
I was surprised because media is the last
which attends to anything that is real.
I was Myself aghast to see them there.
But it's one thing, no doubt, and it's really
true and it happened and now that woman is
walking about.
You can write to her and find out.
So this is what it is.
It's a very good thing that has happened that
we can take pictures now because I think,
I cannot meet everyone in this world but they
can at least see my picture.
People get cured by this picture.
What's wrong?
Supposing your picture was like that, I would
like to put it there.
But is it like that?
That's the point.
You see some people say, "Why you are doing
it?"
I say, "Better you do it.
I would like to retire."
Actually, today my husband was very angry
with me.
He said, "Why are you there on Saturdays?
Why don't you come?"
I said, "Now it has been advertised too much.
I just can't come."
He is not, he wants me there for some purpose
and he was not very happy about it.
So I would be very happy if you could sit
down here and do the job.
You see, I'll be very happy.
I'll retire.
But you can't do it.
And why to feel bad if I can do it?
Because you can do many more things that I
cannot.
For example, I can't drive, I don't know how
to write a check, I don't know anything that
you know.
So many things there are that I do not know.
You'll be amazed.
I am so simple that people can call me a rustic
woman because I don't know many things that
you know.
But I know one thing: that is awakening of
your Kundalini, and then another thing is
that this photograph also knows you somehow.
Yes please?
Q; How did you discover such a quick way of
self realization?
Shri Mataji: Must be something about Me, sir.
You better find out.
It's true.
But something about Me, definitely.
You see, whatever our education is, you have
come to us with wisdom and all that, it has
come to us through other English writers and
western writers.
But if you really go into the literature,
you will know that it is already prophesized.
Even William Blake has prophesized absolutely
about Sahaja Yoga.
He said that God of men [men of god?] will
become prophets and they will have powers
to make others prophets.
But who reads Blake?
No one;they read Freud.
He's described to such a detail about Sahaja
Yoga that sometimes I am amazed.
No Indian seer has seen that what William
Blake has seen.
But our mentality is funny because once he
had his exhibition; I went to see his exhibition
and people were looking at nude women that
he had painted.
He was innocent.
He didn't paint any nudity; he just painted
women without any dress, just the body.
But they were looking at the nude women.
So, look at our mentality.
Looking at William Blake also we praise him
because he has painted women without dress.
He was innocent.
It has to be done.
The time has come.
At the beginning of life, I know there were
hardly one or two people, but today is the
time, a time where many have to become.
As you know, on the tree of life there were
few flowers.
Now there has to be many flowers because the
blossom time has come and it has to be simple.
But supposing it is simple, must you not accept?
It's like my grandmother saying, "I don't
believe you can go to moon.
How can it be possible?"
It's like that.
It's a jet age.
If there is speed outside, if the tree is
growing outside too much, something must have
grown inside: the roots.
And this is the knowledge of the roots which
you do not know, which you should know, how
it has grown, what it is sucking.
All right?
If it is so, why not have it?
I mean, if I say there's a diamond, will you
refuse it?
You'll say, "All right, if it's diamond then
let us see."
It's more than all the diamonds put together.
It's true.
It is very simple to understand if you see
God's point of view.
This creation has to have a meaning.
And you are going to give it the meaning.
If it doesn't work out, this creation, it
is going to destroy, because human beings
are going to be destroyed.
You can see that.
You can see around what is the situation is.
Q: [Unclear Side B 22:57]
Shri Mataji: It's a little confused question
because, you see... but I understand what
you are trying to say, that people are seeing
it through now because they are intelligent.
They are seeing through and it has reached
a certain culminating point, you see.
All these philosophies have reached certain
culminating point and they are seeing that,
what is the result.
Now the time has come for them to see the
result of all their mental projections we
have had about everything.
So people are thinking that there must be
an answer to all this.
Whatever we have done may have been little
wrong or something has been more linear.
It is not expanding us and it is not giving
us what was promised to us.
So they are thinking about it and they are
going down to find out the answers.
That's why there is a seeking, no doubt.
But it is also the plan that they should be
here, that they should be on this earth at
this time.
All, so many things have worked out.
But the reason is that there is confusion
today.
In this confusion only, you are going to find
it out.
If you were not confused, if you were sure
that you are doing the right thing and you
have done whatever is right which was before
this, then you would not have thought of it.
But just now people are seeing that we are
relatively living: "This is also right.
This is also right."
How can that be?
If right is one then it should be one.
So people are thinking about it.
They are seeking.
In this seeking they might do mistakes.
And people might do many mistakes like going
to wrong gurus, might spend money for it,
may become bankrupts, might go to drugs, might
do this punk rock... all kinds of things.
They are nothing but expression of that feeling
within that there is something beyond.
It's true that this confusion has led to this
seeking.
No doubt about it.
Because they are all challenged.
These philosophies are challenged.
Everything is challenged.
And people see that it has given no result.
Our forefathers did the same; we are doing
the same.
What's the use?
We have to reach somewhere.
For example, Jung has talked of universal
unconsciousness much before I came.
They have prepared the stage for Sahaja Yoga,
I should say.
All right?
Q: [Unclear : something about another guru...
Side B 25:51].
Shri Mataji: Oh, now don't ask about them.
What do you think about him?
What have they done?
What good have they done to you?
In general, there is one principle you must
apply to all of them.
On the gross, anybody who is interested in
your money is not your guru; he is a parasite,
on the gross.
In the subtle, anybody who doesn't manifest
your powers has no powers of his own.
These two you apply to every guru and don't
ask Me individual question.
The one who is interested in Rolls Royce,
I mean if you think him to be a guru, I must
say this is something surprising.
Very surprising.
It's a [not clear: sounds like paras attitude
Side B 26:52]
Yes, he can... [probably Mother permitting
someone from the audience to ask a question]
Q:[unclear question.
Sounds like: I wonder whether you have anything
in your faith which corresponds to the Apostles?
In the Scriptures?
Do you have any Apostles?
Side B 27:46]
Shri Mataji:.
It's again confused, my child, but doesn't
matter.
Let's see now...they had a hot air on their
head.
Did you say so?
When was it?
Where was it written?
You saw it in pictures?
Reply : In the scriptures.
[unclear: Pentecost Side B 27:53].
He sent out twelve men to do his work.
Shri Mataji: Yes, it's all right.
Now, I'll tell you what.
You see, hot air will come out of everybody's
head now.
Even you are sitting here.
Because there is heat within you.
First the hot air will come out.
You see, Christ tried to give them realization
but they didn't believe Him.
Believe me that they never believed Him till
he got His resurrection.
No, till they got His resurrection you see.
Till He got his resurrection, they were still
like this you see, little half baked, not
fully there.
And that's why the hot air came out .
You will see now, gradually as you'll settle
down in Sahaja Yoga, when you will be fully
equipped, when your vibrations will flow well,
it will be cool breeze.
Otherwise, hot air comes out.
You see, with people who have...
most of you will first have hot air, no doubt
about it because there is heat within you.
Now, I will tell you people very frankly about
it that when it is hot, say for example take
Helium, Helium is a gas - you know that.
When it is hot, all the molecules in it fight
within, revolt against each other.
They are absolutely volatile.
But when it cools down, they become collective
and they move in a collective way.
Even in science it has been shown and it is
the cool breeze of the Holy Ghost which has
been described in the Bible also.
So it should be a cool breeze because even
the Apostles that Christ had, they did not
get their realization fully because they were
doubting Him.
Not doubting, I would say they did not have
that faith till they saw He was resurrected.
And after resurrection to have faith was rather
wrong, isn't it?
Untimely, I should say.
I can understand that.
That time, you see, this was not there.
I mean, to talk of realization itself in that
country was something so out of the blue.
They were fishermen, not Cambridge students,
and you could not explain to them.
But still they were simple people and they
were honest, no doubt about it.
But to their honesty, they could not understand
how... what this man is saying about self-realization
or of second birth, you see.
And so they doubted - was all right at that
time.
But today it is not all right because once
you get realization, you see for yourself.
All right?
Q: [Unclear: also had this experience after
the resurrection Side B 30:10]
Shri Mataji: You see, they had faith with
Him.
But I wouldn't say they got realization, except
for John, I would say; but others, I am not
very sure.
Because the way they write about His works,
it's something an outsider writes, you see.
It's just a ... not a person who is innate.
You see, when they write, that's not there,
I find.
But the worst of all I feel is about St. Paul
who should not be there at all.
He had nothing to do with Christ.
I can't understand why he is there because
according to Sahaja Yoga standard, he was
a supra-conscious personality.
I don't know why he put them there because
he saw a cross or he did all this.
He was the one who was killing all the Christians
to begin with and then suddenly, I don't know
how - it was a Roman trick perhaps to put
him there - I don't know why but somehow I
cannot explain it.
[Interruption by an audience - UNCLEAR Side
B 31:01]
No, that's not the experience.
Experience is different.
The experience you can get it.
You see, the other day only one lady saw a
cross on me.
She saw auras.
Another one saw something else; that's not
the thing.
That's not reality.
Q: You are saying his experience did not exist
but yours is existing.
Shree Mataji: Yes, because that you can also
get an experience.
Supposing you are taking LSD; supposing, all
right?
Anybody is taking LSD, they come and see Me.
They just see lights coming out of Me.
They don't see Me at all.
[Interruption UNCLEAR Side B 31:41]
Shri Mataji: You see, you also are taking
too much time of others.
All right?
Now leave it.
You come and see Me, we'll talk about it.
You see, we should see what have we got out
of it.
All these discussions and these dogmas - what
have you got?
You see, what are we going to achieve out
of it?
Just think of it.
What is the use?
You have to get the reality.
Why discuss all these things?
We have so many clergies here who have been
studying Bible and all that and they are now
fed up.
Their heads are off now.
This dogma, that dogma, this, that - it's
over now.
Finish it.
Just get the reality first then we'll talk
about it.
All right?
You just get the reality, then.
Q: [Unclear Side B 32:27]
Shri Mataji: Of course, that you will be in
meditation.
You cannot meditate; you get into meditation.
That is the most meditative state.
Now, so I will tell you what happens to you,
all right?
Let me talk on that.
That's a better question, a very good question.
First when the Kundalini rises - all right?
- you won't feel anything, most of you won't
feel anything, but some of you may feel.
You may feel heat in the body.
You may feel kind of a, some people might
feel the throbbing in the back in the spinal
cord, might feel, little, not much.
It's not very painful or anything.
Don't be frightened of anything.
Then it will rise.
Some of you might feel the rising, because
if there are obstructions you can feel the
rising.
If there isn't any obstruction, if you are
not misidentified, if you are not extremist,
if you are in the center, normally it shoots
off in the split of a second.
When it shoots off, what do you feel is, you
feel a cool breeze coming out of your head.
But normally, as I have seen, people are complicated.
There are complications in the physical, mental
or emotional being.
People are not so balanced.
Mostly they have liver problems or such things
like that.
You might get heat coming out.
First the heat comes; quite a lot of heat
might come.
When the heat disappears, then you start feeling
the cool coming and you feel very nice inside.
Then the bliss starts coming.
You start feeling absolutely relaxed and you
feel in your hands the cool breeze is coming.
But first of all you feel on the head.
You should feel yourself.
Nobody is going to certify it for you.
There is no falsehood about it.
It's a thing that you have to feel it.
And once it happens to you then you can develop
it.
Because though the Kundalini at the first
shot comes out but then She tries to look
after your different organs if they are sick,
your mind if it is overloaded, or anything
that is wrong it creates a balance [unclear
Side B 34:42]...
So you have to just know how to reestablish
it yourself because it is your own.
Everything is your own.
It's - you can think like this that this light
is your own.
It is your own lamp.
I just have come because I have got the flame
in Me, perhaps.
Then I put the lamp.
Your light is enlightened.
Now you look after your light.
It's your light, it's everything yours.
The power is yours.
It's your mother.
It's your own spirit.
And then you work it out.
Unless and until you work it out, you will
not know whether it is true or not.
You have to work it out.
Now you should not be identified with anything,
that's one thing is true; because you have
not seen the reality so far.
Say, for example, Mr X says, "This one says
so."
All right, must have said it but he is not
here.
Today he is not here; it is I who am sitting
All right?
So it is better that what I am saying you
better receive it because it's nice to live
with the past.
Like, people want to believe in the past because
it is easy to handle the past, or live with
the future because it is easy, or live with
somebody who has written a book or something
he had done to us.
But why not believe in yourself that so far
you have not got anything of your own and
I am saying that you have to get it of your
own.
That's the main point I am trying to say,
that you must not believe into anything till
you have found it yourself within your self.
That's what it is.
And if you are identified with other things
which you have been doing - most of the people
who have paid to some Guru or some thing,
get very much identified with them.
But what have they given you?
Have they given you any powers?
Nothing.
Can you feel another person?
In collective consciousness, you should be
able to feel another person.
After realization, immediately you can start
feeling another person and yourself.
Immediately you can feel, but you need sensitivity
which we lack quite a lot in the Western world
because the [unclear sounds like 'light is
very small' Side B 36:36].
But in India I have seen people get realization
(and) immediately they start feeling it like
that.
It's very easy to cure Indians, I must say,
but difficult to cure Western people.
They are very complicated, ego-oriented, over-read,
all that is there.
But once the Western get it, they settle down
much faster, much better, much deeply than
Indians do.
It's like if you have the teeth, you don't
have the food; and if you have the food, you
don't have the teeth.
It's a funny combination, this world is.
Q: [unclear Side B 37:04]
All right, let's have it.
Now see what sort of thing you work out in
Cambridge.
All right?
So all of us should forget all about these
things.
Be honest to yourself and fair to yourself.
So far, by doing all these things you haven't
found yourself.
Accept this fact.
I have nothing to gain out of you.
I haven't even written a single line, a book,
nothing.
So you must know that it is your own.
I am just like a banker who is cashing your
checks.
Better have them cashed, for which you don't
have to pay anything.
You don't have to put in any effort, nothing.
But once you are realized then you will know
what is to be done.
But first get your lights on.
All right, now just co-operate with me as
I tell you, without much questioning.
I am not going to tell you anything horrid
nor am I going to trouble you by anything.
It is your own blessing just waiting at your
door step.
Can you believe Me now?
If you can believe only this much that I am
genuine, it will work out.
May God bless you.
All right, now put your hands towards Me and
if it is not very inconvenient, please take
out your shoes because this Mother Earth also
helps us.
It's better to take out your shoes; it helps.
If you are sitting on the ground, it's all
right.
You have to touch your Mother Earth with your
feet so if you can take out your shoes easily,
it will work out faster.
Moreover, it is a very tight thing on the
feet.
Now this is the question of language of hands
which is an international language always,
but this is the language where the hands get
enlightened and the hands have to speak.
As Mohammad Sahib has said it clearly, "At
the time of resurrection, your hands will
speak".
So, your hands have to speak and that's how
we have to see how our hands will be speaking.
So these centers which are shown here are
represented in your fingers.
So, these are five, six and seven, this side
left and right.
Once these centers are enlightened, then you
can feel yourself and feel others.
To begin with, we do not understand what it
is because it is too great a thing.
But once we start using it, we are amazed
how we start transforming, how things start
happening to us.
All right, now just put your hands straight
like this.
Sit comfortably.
Be comfortable.
If you have anything tight, please make it
a little loose.
It's better.
Not that it makes any difference; it's very
subtle.
But why I am asking you because attention
goes there if it is something tight.
On the waist also if there is something tight
you see the attention is gone.
Make yourself comfortable.
That's the main point, be comfortable so that
for a while you could be with yourself comfortably.
If you are wearing any big malas and all that,
please take it out.
It's better.
It's heavy.
Anything like that, please take it out.
It will help us.
Just first get yourself realized and then
you start understanding.
Now, after this I have to tell you one more
thing that you have to keep your eyes shut.
The reason is that when the Kundalini rises
above this which it wants to pierce through,
at that time it presses this point and the
pupils go into dilatation first before it
is piercing it and that's why, if the eyes
are open and the Kundalini is passing through,
She may stop.
So please keep your eyes shut, that's all.
Just keep your eyes shut till I tell you to
open them.
And if you have spectacles and all that, you
can also keep them safe because you don't
have to see Me anymore till I ask you to open
your eyes.
So it's better to keep so that you don't have
problems of your spectacles.
Now close your eyes.
Now don't open your eyes as I requested you.
Please don't open your eyes, that's all.
Because this is just the opposite of hypnosis.
In hypnosis, they make you open your eyes
and put their eyes into your eyes and do all
these things.
What's happening?
Now, no gesticulations, nothing abnormal has
to be done.
Whatever has to happen will happen within.
Nothing abnormal thing has to be done.
Nobody has to jump, shout or scream - that's
all nonsense.
You are not to do anything like that, not
to turn your necks or anything.
Just keep quiet.
If you cannot keep quiet, it's better that
you go out for the time being.
But just keep quiet.
That's very important not to disturb others.